what's going on everybody is toxic
housing and here we have the first boss
in template Jade serpent the first
instance you can expect to go into
within the mr. Pandorica expansion he's
a lot similar to the lyrica below in in
serpents trunk a ver from TBC in terms
of the water spout and having to avoid
it by running around the platforms in
this video I'm gonna be talking a little
bit about how how I play mr. Weaver monk
and just you know my faults on the whole
expansion so far even though it's in
beta basically I'm going to start with
how I play monk what I'd like to do is I
like to put a renewing mists on the tank
and then I like to go in close Mellie
some of the mobs using clobber which
generates Chi and then I can use that
cheat to spend on the likes of Chi wave
and my uplift if you'll see in a few
minutes or a few minutes in a few
seconds you'll see me basically I'll
show you I'll tell you when it's going
to happen once I've got to chi there's
one there's two unknown we build up for
first as for and there is there that was
uplift and what it does is it renu renu
mists there's a high damage and damage
does a high amount of healing and banks
is my renew amidst off on to other party
members so it's quite good for AOE
healing when you know when there's a lot
of intense healing needed for a lot here
for a lot of damage you can't really do
it you need to use you more direct hills
like surging mists so if you know it's
definitely a way to play could be quite
quite it's different let's play that way
is very different to what you're what
you're used to when it comes to healing
because when we used to stand in the
back you know healing
in all that but this is my way of player
playing maybe when you get 90 it changes
slightly maybe you are more you know
standing it back doing more healing than
you are damaging but we'll see we'll see
what happens when we get there the whole
instance in general so far I've done the
whole instance now if it's good the
first boss is you know they've renewed
they've basically recycled the lyric
hablo tactics to kill him in a way
rather than go in water for some of them
you you know you just you just go
running outside bit starting to take
that amount or go more in detail by that
winner when we go on the boss second
boss if it's the Panda I can member his
name now it's easy it can be quite
healing quite healing intensive you know
it depends if it's troy and anger dies
one of the more difficult bosses in here
it requires a lot of healing and some
high dps so you can get them down before
they do too much damage um but now once
this boss space-weapons is when you pull
in you want to go to the back here onto
this platform and then basically will
group up he will spawn water elementals
you'll see one pop up in a second just
there you want to take them down as fast
as you can to avoid damage and then once
they die they cause an AoE on the floor
which you have one should go off and
they also basically are split into free
they split into three smaller ones and
these free smaller ones are you know
they don't do a lot of damage and you
know they're not hard to kill so you
just want to get n dine there's a
certain amount we don't know if if you
know certain a mine or a time limit
before he stops pulling these and does
his last phase if you can survive this
phase you can dine the boss basically it
just requires some brain cells to do the
second phase all you got to do is DPS go
on the inner ring and range we're going
out ring you'll get that you'll run
around avoiding his water spouts and dps
in the boss until he dies
what I'd like to do is a miss Weaver
monk is I like to put down once i'm
running i like to put down some some
healing spheres in the middle so when
DPS were running freedom again healed
since monks in a moment miss Weaver
won't / a lot you know lack instant cast
Hills that become in with a glyph which
you can see in my other video which goes
through the latest talent changes for
monks in the latest beta patch but in
the moment we lack instant hills and
it's causing it's not causing problems
what I generally like to do on this boss
is get a bit of distance on him you'll
see now he's about to like at member no
I went over here preemptively you know
ready now he does his phase where you
gotta dodge it if you can't dodge this
then you know there it is there if you
can't dodge this then you need you know
you need to take a real serious step
back and think you know what am i doing
I need to be able to you know react it's
easy we need to do is get a bit of range
on it like now I'm basically behind a
moist catching up with him you can stop
do food amgen just make sure you keep a
distance on those on that water spike if
you get hit by it it's almost a one-shot
it will kill you I can't remember if
anyone in my group gets killed here
because they get caught in it I'm not
sure come member if it was this one or
another one I done but there's no way
you should be getting hit by that worse
by especially once your where I am now
you've almost caught up on it I can feel
like I stop here and cast a few healing
spheres into the middle and see what the
boss is on it's just it's a real easy
and simple fight it's not you know
doesn't require a lot of healing it's a
nice introduction into the first dungeon
of mists of pandaria as you can see
someone did get caught they shouldn't
have they should have I don't know how
you can get caught in that honestly I
got caught the first time because I
didn't know what I was doing but it was
explained to these what to do so I
didn't had a god cool but yeah I got
another video recorded ready to go
2nd Boston here which is strife and
anger it's the library event you can
have strife and anger or a panda I seem
to begin strife and anger a lot more
than I'm getting the Panda so that I'd
be up in the next day or so i'll also
bring you the last two bosses which are
the hardest by far in this entire
instance and they're an interesting
watch but this boss I as far as I know
is all that he says as a placeholder
that's what PH means at the end he
dropped I believe leather boots with
spirit on creating mastery or haste and
mastery but yeah thanks for watching and
yeah I'll speak to you soon